README.md, before:

# Drinkaholics
Drinkaholics is a cocktail creation application tool that allows individuals to search for cocktails, or pick ingredients they have at their disposals and mix them to show what cocktails they can make out of them. This project was created using HTML, CSS, JavaScript while using APIs that belong to other server side applications.

# Project Description
Our intent was to allow people that want to create their own cocktail without knowledge of what goes into what to do so quickly and accurately. This is exactly what our website accomplishes, by allowing users to pick the cocktails based on a selection of ingredients or they may click on the cocktails they want to make to see what they need to make it.

# Usage
```
As someone wanting to drink some cocktails,
I want to select ingredients and then have recommendations appear
So that I can prepare a drink or receive the best recommendations
```
```
Given some ingredients
When I selected some ingredients
Then I see available options
When I fill in the input field and press the search button
Then I will see a list of 5 drinks to choose from
When I press search button without any inputs in the input field
Then I will be re-directed to the full list of drinks at the bottom of the webpage.
When I navigate the the bottom of the page and selected a checkbox beside a specific alcohol
Then only drinks with that specific alcohol will remain visible
```

# Collaborators
* Alexander

* Luyan

* Katherine

* Andres

* Arseniy

# Our Logo
![Alt text](https://github.com/Drinkaholics/Drinkaholics/blob/main/assets/img/logo1.png)

# Our Deployed App; Link to Website and Screenshots
[Drinkaholics Link](https://drinkaholics.github.io/Drinkaholics/)

![Alt text](https://github.com/Drinkaholics/Drinkaholics/blob/main/assets/img/screenshot.jpg)

Commit message:

changed the mobile look of app, added current screenshots

README.md, after:

# Drinkaholics
Drinkaholics is a cocktail creation application tool that allows individuals to search for cocktails, or pick ingredients they have at their disposals and mix them to show what cocktails they can make out of them. This project was created using HTML, CSS, JavaScript while using APIs that belong to other server side applications.

# Project Description
Our intent was to allow people that want to create their own cocktail without knowledge of what goes into what to do so quickly and accurately. This is exactly what our website accomplishes, by allowing users to pick the cocktails based on a selection of ingredients or they may click on the cocktails they want to make to see what they need to make it.

# Usage
```
As someone wanting to drink some cocktails,
I want to select ingredients and then have recommendations appear
So that I can prepare a drink or receive the best recommendations
```
```
Given some ingredients
When I selected some ingredients
Then I see available options
When I fill in the input field and press the search button
Then I will see a list of 5 drinks to choose from
When I press search button without any inputs in the input field
Then I will be re-directed to the full list of drinks at the bottom of the webpage.
When I navigate the the bottom of the page and selected a checkbox beside a specific alcohol
Then only drinks with that specific alcohol will remain visible
```

# Collaborators
* Alexander

* Luyan

* Katherine

* Andres

* Arseniy

# Our Logo
![our logo here](https://github.com/Drinkaholics/Drinkaholics/blob/main/assets/img/logo1.png)

# Our Deployed App; Link to Website and Screenshots
[Drinkaholics Link](https://drinkaholics.github.io/Drinkaholics/)

![screenshots of our website on multiple platforms](https://github.com/Drinkaholics/Drinkaholics/blob/main/assets/img/screenshot_1.jpg)

![screenshot 2](https://github.com/Drinkaholics/Drinkaholics/blob/main/assets/img/screenshot_2.jpg)

![screenshot 3](https://github.com/Drinkaholics/Drinkaholics/blob/main/assets/img/screenshot_3.jpg)
